Fixes #7870 - Updates Working-with-Software-Installations (#7875)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/docs-conceptual/samples/Working-with-Software-Installations.md

$UninstallableApplications | ForEach-Object -Process { $_.GetValue('DisplayName') }
```

> [!NOTE]

> >There is no guarantee that these values are unique

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> There is no guarantee that the **DisplayName** values are unique.
```
